# Sponsoring FAQs

Do you have questions about Material for MkDocs Insiders? We do our best to
answer all of your questions on this page. If you can't find your question
below, ask it on our [discussion board]!

  [discussion board]: https://github.com/squidfunk/mkdocs-material/discussions/new/chooses

## General

[__Why did we create Material for MkDocs Insiders?__](#insiders-edition){ #insiders-edition }

So, here's the deal: Material for MkDocs began as a passion project, which we
made open-source to share freely with everyone. However, as the project's
popularity grew over the last few years, so did the demands of its maintenance
and overhead. Faced with the growing demands and the tough choice between
discontinuing our efforts or dedicating ourselves full-time, we chose to commit
ourselves fully to the project.

To sustain this full-time commitment and to expand the team, we introduced
Material for MkDocs Insiders. This private Insiders repository, available
exclusively to our monthly sponsors, is where we first release the latest
advancements of Material for MkDocs. That way our sponsors get the
[premium features] in advance of all others users as a thank you for their
support. But here's the best part: once we achieve specific funding goals, these
advancements become available to the wider community. This model ensures ongoing
development and accessibility for all, keeping the project vibrant and
up-to-date.

We communicate these [funding goals] and their progress openly, ensuring our
community is involved every step of the way. It's our way of making sure that
while we do need the support to keep going, everyone will eventually benefit
from the advancements made possible by our sponsors.

  [funding goals]: ../index.md/#funding
  [premium features]: ../index.md/#whats-in-it-for-me


[__Why is the Insiders offered as a subscription model?__](#subscription-model){ #subscription-model }

You might wonder why we opted for a subscription model for the Insiders edition
instead of a one-time purchase. Here's the thing: Material for MkDocs is in
constant evolution. Our work is never done because there's always something new
on the horizon â€“ be it adapting to upstream dependency updates, keeping pace
with environment changes like browser updates, or bringing to life
the new features and improvements our users wish for.

A one-time payment might seem appealing at first glance, but it's a bit like
buying a snapshot: great for a moment, but it doesn't stay current for long.
With a subscription, you're not just buying what's already been developed;
you're investing in what's coming next. You get all the future updates, bug
fixes, and new features as they roll out. This ongoing development is crucial
not just for keeping the project alive and kicking but for ensuring it
continues to meet your needs and expectations.

This subscription model is what enables us to dedicate the necessary time and
resources to Material for MkDocs, ensuring its sustainability and growth. It's
about more than just maintaining the status quo; it's about pushing boundaries,
improving, and innovating. When we hit our funding goals through these monthly
subscriptions, we will roll out the Insiders features to the community edition.
That way, the whole community benefits from the advancements made possible by
our supporters.

In essence, the subscription is a commitment to not just maintaining but
actively developing Material for MkDocs. It allows us to plan for the future
with confidence, knowing we have the backing to continue our work. This model
has made all the difference, enabling us to rely on our sponsors' ongoing
support and ensuring that Material for MkDocs remains a cutting-edge tool for
everyone.

[__What features are included in the Insiders edition?__](#insiders-features){ #insiders-features }

The Insiders edition includes more than 20 additional features. You can find an
[overview of these features] on our [Insiders page], which is updated when new
features are added and released.

  [Insiders page]: ../index.md
  [overview of these features]: ../index.md#whats-in-it-for-me

[__How often is the Insiders edition updated?__](#insiders-updates){ #insiders-updates }

We try to keep our open issue count low, fixing known bugs quickly. Both our
repositories, the community and Insiders edition, are constantly updated with
bug fixes and new features.

## Sponsorship

[__Can I sponsor the project without a GitHub account?__](#sponsorship-account){ #sponsorship-account }

No, you can't support Material for MkDocs if you don't have a GitHub account.
GitHub Sponsors handles all transactions and access management for us. Please
also note that the private Insiders repository is on GitHub, so in order to gain
access, you'll need to have a GitHub individual or bot account that can be added
as a collaborator. If your organization doesn't use GitHub or hosts its
repositories on other platforms, you can mirror the Insiders repository in your
environment once you have access.

[__We are hosting our repository on Gitlab, can we also use Insiders?__](#github-alternatives){ #github-alternatives }

Absolutely! Material for MkDocs Insiders is designed to be compatible with
various repository hosting platforms, including GitLab. The key requirement is
still a GitHub account, as we use GitHub Sponsors for all transactions and
manage access to the private Insiders repository through GitHub.

Once you've become a sponsor and secured access to the private Insiders
repository via an individual GitHub account, you can
[mirror the repository in another location]. This mirroring process not only
allows for easy integration into your existing workflow but also ensures that
your projects stay up-to-date with the latest features and improvements of
Material for MkDocs Insiders.

For any questions about integrating Material for MkDocs Insiders into your
projects, our [discussion board] is a valuable resource. It offers a space to
connect with others who may have similar requirements and setups as well as to
exchange tips, and explore solutions together.

  [mirror the repository in another location]: https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/duplicating-a-repository#mirroring-a-repository-in-another-location

[__Which sponsoring tier should I choose?__](#sponsorship-tier){ #sponsorship-tier }

The sponsoring tiers are divided into [non-commercial] and [commercial] tiers. If
you are an individual or organization using Material for MkDocs for private or
__non-commercial__ Open Source projects, you have two tiers to choose from,
depending on the number of sites you want to build. For companies using
Material for MkDocs, we offer three different __commercial__ tiers, from which
you can choose depending on your requirements.

Also, please read what is considered [commercial use].

  [commercial]: ../faq/sponsoring.md/#commercial-use
  [non-commercial]: ../faq/sponsoring.md/#non-commercial-use

[__Why are one-time sponsorships not granted access to Insiders?__](#sponsorship-one-time){ #sponsorship-one-time }

Primarily due to technical reasons, that we're working on lifting in the future.
We use GitHub webhooks to determine our current active sponsors. When you create
or cancel your monthly subscription, GitHub sends events that we use to
automatically add and remove collaborators.

Note that [$15] is the minimum amount to be granted access to Insiders.

  [$15]: https://github.com/sponsors/squidfunk/sponsorships?tier_id=210638

[__How are sponsorship contributions used?__](#sponsorship-support){ #sponsorship-support }

It's vital to recognize that the total sponsorship amount doesn't directly
translate into the funds we have available for use. The way we allocate
sponsorship amounts is detailed as follows:

1.  __Taxes__: Since we provide a service to our sponsors, we're of course
    legally obligated to pay sales tax. This requirement applies to all
    sponsorship contributions, aligning us with standard business practices
    as for the rest of the world.

2.  __Sponsorships__: A significant portion of our funding is redirected to
    upstream projects. This cultivates collaboration and supports the broader
    Open Source ecosystem. Those projects and their maintainers are essential
    for the ongoing development of Material for MkDocs.

    [Explore our sponsorships](https://github.com/squidfunk?tab=sponsoring).

3.  __Funds__: We are in the process of forming a team devoted to Material for
    MkDocs and are proactively compensating critical contributors. These
    funds cover various aspects of the project, like the creation of new
    features, bug resolution, support, and sponsor relations.

[__Are there any limitations on the number of sponsors for a particular tier?__](#sponsorship-limitations){ #sponsorship-limitations }

No, there are no limitations on the number of sponsors for any tier. You can
sponsor the project at any tier regardless of how many other sponsors are
already there.

## Payment & billing

[__Is there a trial period for the Insiders edition?__](#insiders-trial){ #insiders-trial }

No, we do not offer a trial period for the Insiders edition. However, if you're
a company and are considering sponsoring on the [commercial] tier, but want to
first give the Insiders edition a try, you can sponsor on the [$15] tier with a
personal account for [non-commercial] evaluation purposes.

Additionally, our subscription model allows you to cancel your sponsorship
anytime. If you decide to cancel, your sponsorship will remain active until
the end of your billing cycle.

[__What payment options do you accept?__](#insiders-payment){ #insiders-payment }

We manage all our transactions and sponsorships through [GitHub Sponsors]. To
become a sponsor of Material for MkDocs on GitHub, visit [our sponsors' page].
On there, you can choose from five different sponsorship tiers and pay by credit
card. Please note that as of the beginning of 2023,
[GitHub no longer supports PayPal] payments.

If you're a company and need assistance choosing the right payment method,
please don't hesitate to reach out to sponsors@squidfunk.com.

  [GitHub Sponsors]: https://github.com/sponsors
  [GitHub no longer supports PayPal]: https://github.blog/changelog/2023-01-23-github-sponsors-will-stop-supporting-paypal/
  [our sponsors' page]: https://github.com/sponsors/squidfunk/

[__Are discounts available for the Insiders edition, such as student discounts?__](#insiders-discounts){ #insiders-discounts }

Unfortunately, we are not able to offer any discounts for the Material for
MkDocs Insiders program. To ensure that everyone can afford the Insiders program
and keep the barrier as low as possible, we have set prices as low as [$15] a
month for [non-commercial] use.

[__Do you offer free access to Insiders for Open Source projects?__](#insiders-open-source){ #insiders-open-source }

No, we do not offer free access to our Material for MkDocs Insiders edition.
We understand that non-profit organizations may have limited budgets and may
need to prioritize their spending on other projects or organizations. However,
it's important to note that Material for MkDocs is maintained by a small team,
investing a lot of time and resources into constantly improving this project.
Material for MkDocs and its core features are free to the community through our
Open Source model. Therefore, Material for MkDocs itself is already free.

However, we do offer an affordable sponsorship tier starting at [$15] a month,
which is meant for individuals and non-profit organizations using Material for
MkDocs to build 1-2 sites for [non-commercial] purposes. This tier provides access
to all new features, benefiting you from our ongoing development efforts.

[__Is Insiders free for those who contribute to this project?__](#insiders-contributors){ #insiders-contributors }

Thank you for your interest in contributing to Material for MkDocs! We value
every contribution, but it's important to distinguish between different types of
contributions. While minor edits such as typo corrections or adding new
languages are appreciated, they demand significant review efforts that exceed
the scope of such contributions. Consequently, free access to the Insiders
edition is exclusively offered to our [community experts].

If you're passionate about making a significant impact, we encourage you to
explore our [community experts] program. This program is designed for
experienced users eager to share their expertise on our [discussion board]. Our
discussion board facilitates the exchange of insights on workarounds, setups,
and features and addresses queries from users at all levels of experience. As a
community expert you become an integral part of our project by actively
assisting users and addressing their inquiries. This allows our team to focus
more on enhancing and developing new features â€“ benefiting the entire community.

In acknowledgment of such valuable contributions, active [community experts] are
granted free access to the Insiders edition. This presents a fantastic
opportunity for you to make meaningful contributions while enjoying the perks of
the Insiders edition.

  [community experts]: ../community-experts-program/index.md

[__Can I purchase the Insiders edition with a one-time donation?__](#one-time-donation){ #one-time-donation }

One-time donations, while appreciated, cannot support the ongoing development of
Material for MkDocs as subscriptions do. Our project's growth relies on steady
support from subscriptions to fund new features, updates, and maintenance.
Therefore, the Insiders version is not available through a one-time donation.

If monthly payments do not work for you or your company, you can adjust your
GitHub account's [billing cycle] to annual instead of monthly and sponsor at the
appropriate tier.

[billing cycle]: ../insiders/faq/sponsoring.md/#insiders-billing-cycle

[__How can I set my billing to monthly or yearly?__](#insiders-billing-cycle){ #insiders-billing-cycle }

Before you sponsor Material for MkDocs on one of our sponsoring tiers, you can
change your [billing cycle] to either monthly or yearly, according to your
preference. Your [billing cycle] is a setting at the account level on GitHub,
which you can easily modify in your account settings. When selecting one of our
sponsoring tiers, this adjustment will automatically categorize you as a monthly
or yearly sponsor.

If you find it challenging to make this change in your account, a practical
workaround is to create a dedicated GitHub bot account where you set the billing
cycle to yearly and use it specifically for your sponsorship contributions. This
is a strategy some of our sponsors have successfully implemented. For any
difficulties or further inquiries, please donâ€™t hesitate to contact us at
sponsors@squidfunk.com for support.

  [billing cycle]: https://docs.github.com/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-billing-and-payments-on-github/changing-the-duration-of-your-billing-cycle

[__Can I get an invoice for my sponsorship payment?__](#insiders-invoice){ #insiders-invoice}

Since [GitHub Sponsors] manages all transactions on our behalf, GitHub Sponsors
is considered your supplier, not us. As part of their process, GitHub Sponsors
automatically sends you a payment receipt via email for each billing cycle. It's
important to note that this document is a receipt, not an invoice. If you
require an invoice for your records, please contact us at sponsors@squidfunk.com
before initiating your sponsorship.

  [GitHub Sponsors]: https://github.com/sponsors/squidfunk/

[__Can I switch between different sponsoring tiers?__](#insiders-switch-tiers){ #insiders-switch-tiers }

Yes, you can switch between different sponsoring tiers at any time. Simply go
to the [GitHub Sponsors] page and change your sponsoring tier. Once you make
that change, you will immediately change to the new tier.

If you change to a higher tier, the amount will be prorated according to your
billing cycle.

[__Can I sponsor the project for a specific feature or development goal?__](#insiders-goals){ #insiders-goals }

While sponsoring specific goals directly is not possible, our sponsoring goals
are connected to specific features or development goals aligned with the
project's roadmap. You can find an [overview of these sponsoring goals] and their
associated features on our website. Insider users have early access to all
already developed features, including those associated with higher funding goals
that will be reached at a later stage. If you're interested in accessing these
features, becoming a sponsor is the way to go. If you have a feature in mind
that you would like to see on the list, we encourage you to
[initiate a new discussion] to evaluate it with others.

  [overview of these sponsoring goals]: ../index.md#goals
  [initiate a new discussion]: https://github.com/squidfunk/mkdocs-material/discussions

[__What happens if I reach my sponsoring limit for my current tier?__](#insiders-limit){ #insiders-limit }

If you extend the number of sites that are in your current sponsoring limit,
please [upgrade your sponsorship] to a higher tier to continue using the
Insiders edition and build more sites. The change will be effective immediately.

  [upgrade your sponsorship]: https://docs.github.com/en/billing/managing-billing-for-github-sponsors/upgrading-a-sponsorship

[__Do you offer refunds for sponsoring payments?__](#insiders-refunds){ #insiders-refunds }

Unfortunately, we cannot offer any refund for sponsorship payments.
[GitHub Sponsors] manages all sponsoring transactions. Because of that, we do
not have any insights into the details of the funds and cannot access them. If
you have any payment issues, please get in touch with the GitHub Sponsors
support team, as they can help you.

## Access management

[__How do I gain access to the private Insiders repository?__](#access-account){ #access-account }

If you sponsored with your __individual account__, you should have received an
email invitation to the private Material for MkDocs Insiders repository right
after you initiated your sponsorship. Simply accept the invitation within seven
days to gain access.

If you sponsored using an __organization account__, please note we need
an individual account that we can list as a collaborator of the private Insiders
repository. After you initiate your sponsorship, please email us at
sponsors@squidfunk.com with the name of the individual or bot account. Once you
provide us with this information, we will add the account as a collaborator, and
after you accept the invitation, you will gain access to the repository.

If you have yet to receive the email or the invitation link has expired, please
contact us, the maintainers, at sponsors@squidfunk.com. We're working on a
solution that will allow you to manage collaborator status yourself.

[__Why can't our whole organization get access to Insiders?__](#access-organization){ #access-organization }

Currently, it is not possible to grant access to an organizational account, as
GitHub only allows for adding individual user accounts. We are working on a
solution ourselves to simplify access for organizations. For now, to ensure that
access is not tied to a particular individual, we recommend creating a bot
account, i.e., a GitHub account that does not belong to a specific individual
but is listed as the owner of the organizational account and using this account
for sponsorship.

[__Do I need to fork the repository to use it?__](#access-fork){ #access-fork }

It depends. If you are using the Insiders edition as an individual, you can work
directly with the private repository, as you do not need to share the Insiders
features with others. If you are working with a team, it is best to create a
private [fork] using the individual account you listed as a collaborator of
Material for MkDocs to grant access to all members of your organization to
your fork.

[__Can I share my Insiders access with others?__](#access-share){ #access-share }

At the moment, it is not possible to directly share your collaborator status
for the private Insiders repository with other accounts. However, if you are
working with a team and would like them to access Insiders, you can share the
Insiders repository by utilizing options such as [cloning], [forking], or
[mirroring]. By doing so, you can start collaborating with your team members on
the new repository you have shared. This way, you can collectively benefit
from the Insiders features and work together on the project.

  [cloning]: https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/cloning-a-repository
  [forking]: https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo
  [mirroring]: https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/duplicating-a-repository


## Runtime & cancellation

[__How long is my sponsorship valid?__](#sponsorship-runtime){ #sponsorship-runtime }

Your sponsorship is valid for as long as your monthly or yearly subscription
is valid. If you choose to cancel your sponsorship, you will lose access to
the Insiders edition once your cancelation is active and will be automatically
removed by GitHub as a collaborator from the private repository.

[__How do I cancel my sponsorship?__](#sponsorship-cancellation){ #sponsorship-cancellation }

To cancel your sponsorship, follow the [step-by-step guide] provided by GitHub.
If you sponsored using an organizational account, please ensure that you cancel
your sponsorship using the same organizational account rather than your
individual account.

  [step-by-step guide]: https://docs.github.com/en/billing/managing-billing-for-github-sponsors/downgrading-a-sponsorship

[__What happens when I cancel my sponsorship?__](#sponsorship-cancellation-effective){ #sponsorship-cancellation-effective }

If you choose to cancel your subscription to Insiders, you will be
automatically removed by GitHub as a collaborator on the day your cancellation is
effective. From that day on, you will no longer receive future updates. However,
you are __welcome to continue using the latest version__ that was available to
you at the time of your cancellation for as long as you like.

Please note that [GitHub deletes private forks], so you may want to take steps
to ensure that you have a backup of the software if necessary and use the
locally installed version.

  [GitHub deletes private forks]: https://docs.github.com/en/account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-personal-account-on-github/managing-access-to-your-personal-repositories/removing-a-collaborator-from-a-personal-repository#deleting-forks-of-private-repositories

## Licensing

[__What constitutes commercial use of the Insiders edition?__](#commercial-use){ #commercial-use }

Commercial use refers to any use of the software for a business or for-profit
purpose. This includes any use by a corporation or other organization, whether
or not they generate revenue directly from the software. We offer different
pricing tiers for commercial use, each tailored to the needs of different
businesses. It's important to note that internal use of the software within your
organization is also considered commercial use, as with all commercial software.

[__What constitutes non-commercial use of the Insiders edition?__](#non-commercial-use){ #non-commercial-use }

[Non-commercial] use of our Material for MkDocs refers to private use. This
includes individuals using the Insiders edition for private or purely
non-commercial Open Source projects. We offer two different tiers for
non-commercial use, depending on the number of sites you want to build.

[__What is your fair use policy?__](#fair-use-policy){ #fair-use-policy }

Our fair use policy includes the following guidelines:

- Please refrain from __distributing the source code__ of Insiders. While you
may use the software for public, private, or commercial projects and may
privately [fork] or [mirror] it, we ask that you keep the source code private. This
is important to our sponsorware strategy, which helps us fund ongoing
development and support of the software. If this guidelines is violated,
everybody loses, as it will reduce the time of us maintainers we can set aside
to push this project forward.

- As our sponsoring tiers are based on the number of sites you want to build,
please make sure to [upgrade your sponsorship] once your current sponsoring tier
limit has been reached.

[__Does the Insiders edition have a different license?__](#insiders-license){ #insiders-license }

No. Whether you're an individual or a company, you may use Material for
MkDocs Insiders precisely under the same terms as Material for MkDocs, which are
given by the [MIT license].

  [MIT license]: ../../license.md

[__Can outside collaborators build and run the documentation locally without access to Insiders?__](#insiders-outside-collaborators){ #insiders-outside-collaborators }

Yes. Insiders is compatible with Material for MkDocs. Almost all new features
and configuration options are either backward-compatible or implemented behind
feature flags. When working with outside collaborators, changing the general
appearance of your site should be optional. Most Insiders features enhance the
overall experience, e.g., by adding icons to pages or providing a feedback
widget. While these features add value for your site's users, they should be
optional for previewing when making changes to content. Currently, the only
content-related feature in Insiders that non-Insiders users can't properly
preview are [Card grids].

This means that outside collaborators can build the documentation locally with
Material for MkDocs, and when they push their changes, your CI pipeline will
build it with Insiders. When using built-in plugins exclusive to Insiders, it's
recommended to split configuration into a base `mkdocs.yml` and one with plugin
overrides via [configuration inheritance].

See the [getting started guide] for more information.

  [configuration inheritance]: https://www.mkdocs.org/user-guide/configuration/#configuration-inheritance
  [getting started guide]: ../getting-started.md#caveats
  [Card grids]: ../../reference/grids.md?h=grids#using-card-grids

## Support

[__How can I contact support if I have questions about becoming a sponsor?__ ](#support-contact){ #support-contact }

If you have any questions and would like to contact us before starting your
sponsorship, we are happy to answer all your non-technical questions about the
Insiders program via email at sponsors@squidfunk.com.

All technical questions should be asked openly on our [discussion board].

  [discussion board]: https://github.com/squidfunk/mkdocs-material/discussions

[__Is additional support available for Material for MkDocs Insiders users?__](#support-additional){ #support-additional }

Yes, we provide non-technical support related to sponsoring at
sponsors@squidfunk.com. For technical questions, please submit an issue openly
on our [issue tracker] or start a discussion on our [discussion board]. Issues
and discussions from our organizational sponsors, sponsoring on
__The Organization__ tier or higher will be prioritized.[^1]

  [^1]:
    Priority support means we will prioritize your issue, meaning we will look
    into it and do our best to solve your issue asap. However, the prioritized bug
    support does not mean that we can solve your issue before any others since
    some issues might take more time to solve.

  [issue tracker]: https://github.com/squidfunk/mkdocs-material/issues

[__How can I display my logo on the list of premium sponsors?__](#sponsorship-logo-placement){ #sponsorship-logo-placement }

If your sponsorship tier includes logo placement, and you would like us to
display your logo in the [list of premium sponsors] and have it linked to your
site, please contact us via mail. Simply send us a horizontal SVG or PNG version
of your logo making sure it displays the name of your company and the logo to
sponsors@squidfunk.com.

  [list of premium sponsors]: https://github.com/squidfunk/mkdocs-material#user-content-premium-sponsors

[__Is logo placement optional?__](#sponsorship-logo-placement-optional){ #sponsorship-logo-placement-optional }

Yes, all of our commercial benefits, such as logo placement and backlinks, are
optional and can be opted in or out at any time. You can keep your sponsorship
completely private.

[__How can I report a bug in the Insiders edition?__](#insiders-bugs){ #insiders-bugs }

If you encounter a bug in the Insiders edition, we kindly request that you
report it on our [issue tracker] in the public community repository. When
submitting the bug report, please ensure that you do not include any private
Insiders' source code, as we want to uphold our fair use policy.

[__How can I report an issue in my customizations?__](#customizations-issues){ #costumisations-issues }

Please note, that we do not offer support for customizations as they vary
widely and are specific to individual cases. Our support is primarily focused on
assisting with our core features. When reporting an issue, please remove all
customizations to ensure effective problem diagnosis with a minimal reproduction
[.zip file], as described in our bug reporting guide. Our [built-in info plugin],
which is essential when creating a reproduction, will not function correctly
with customizations in place. For questions and issues with customizations,
please use our [discussion board] to engage with the community.

  [.zip file]: ../../guides/creating-a-reproduction.md
  [built-in info plugin]: https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/guides/creating-a-reproduction/#creating-a-zip-file

## Privacy

[__Will you sign an NDA for sponsorships?__](#nda){ #nda }

Unfortunately, we cannot sign any NDA or vendor agreement form. As a small team
working on Material for MkDocs, we have limited resources and cannot review
and sign agreements.

[__Will you fill out our companys forms?__](#forms){ #forms }

To dedicate more time and resources to the development of our projects, we have
implemented measures to minimize administrative overhead for our small team. As
part of this approach, we have adopted GitHub Sponsors to efficiently handle all
transactions for us. Consequently, we have decided to introduce a setup fee for
any additional administrative tasks other than those handled by GitHub Sponsors
that require our attention and involve the completion of forms or adherence to
company processes when purchasing Material for MkDocs Insiders. If your purchase
department requires additional time and effort from our team, please be aware
that the setup fee will apply. For detailed information and specific inquiries,
please reach out to us at sponsors@squidfunk.com.

[__Can I sponsor privately?__](#sponsorship-private){ #sponsorship-private }

Yes, you can. GitHub offers the option to [set your sponsorship to private] when
you initiate your sponsorship. This means that your account will not appear in
sponsor-listings so there is no public affiliation with Material for MkDocs.
Only we know that you sponsored, but we will never disclose this information
without your written consent.

  [set your sponsorship to private]: https://docs.github.com/en/sponsors/sponsoring-open-source-contributors/managing-your-sponsorship#managing-the-privacy-setting-for-your-sponsorship
  [fork]: https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/working-with-forks/fork-a-repo
  [mirror]: https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/duplicating-a-repository

[__Are there any geographical restrictions on becoming a sponsor?__](#sponsorship-geo){ #sponsorship-geo }

No, there are no geographical restrictions for becoming a sponsor. We welcome
sponsorships from individuals and organizations worldwide. As long as your
credit card is valid and accepted by GitHub you are eligible to become
a sponsor and support the project, regardless of your location.
